
.TH QSWITCH 1 "December 2025" "qswitch 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
qswitch \- switch between QS flavours

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qswitch
[\fIflavour\fR]
.br
.B qswitch
[\fB--help\fR]
.br
.B qswitch
[\fB--list\fR]
.br
.B qswitch
[\fB--current\fR]
.br
.B qswitch
[\fB--panel\fR]
.br
.B qswitch
\fBapply --current\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBqswitch\fR is a small utility for Hyprland users that switches between
different QS flavours. A flavour is a configuration profile used by the
\fBqs\fR compositor helper.

When run without arguments, \fBqswitch\fR cycles to the next flavour
in its internal list.

.SH CONFIGURATION
\fBswitch\fR reads its configuration from
.I ~/.config/qswitch/config.json
.br
The configuration includes a list of flavours and their associated keybind files.
.br
Keybind files are stored in
.I ~/.config/qswitch/keybinds/
and are sourced into Hyprland's configuration when switching flavours.

.SH FLAVOURS
The available flavours are configurable via the configuration file
.I ~/.config/qswitch/config.json
.br
By default, the following flavours are available:

.IP \[bu] 2
ii
.IP \[bu] 2
caelestia
.IP \[bu] 2
noctalia

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-help ", " -h
Show this help page.
.TP
.BR \-\-list
List available flavours.
.TP
.BR \-\-current
Show the currently active flavour.
.TP
.BR \-\-panel
Toggle the QuickSwitch panel.
.TP
.B apply --current
Re-apply the configuration for the current flavour.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.switch_state
Stores the last active flavour for cycling.
.TP
.I ~/.config/qswitch/config.json
Configuration file containing available flavours and keybind settings.
.TP
.I ~/.config/qswitch/keybinds/
Directory containing flavour-specific keybind files.
.TP
.I ~/.config/hypr/custom/keybinds.conf
Generated file sourcing the active flavour's keybinds.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Switch directly to a flavour:
.br
switch ii
.TP
Cycle to the next flavour:
.br
switch

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Manpreet Singh

.SH SEE ALSO
qs(1), hyprctl(1)
